with USA Wrestling executive director
rich bender I like to ask you your
thoughts about the new opportunity for
our national freestyle coaches Inc Jones
who's returning to the college ranks at
Arizona State well certainly we're happy
for Zeke and his family and this is an
opportunity that I guess presented a
once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for he
and his family returned to his alma
mater and coach a program that was so
integral in his personal development and
we're happy for him and we're happy for
the opportunity and and certainly
encouraged by the fact that so many of
our employees are a sought-after
commodity so talk a little bit about
Zeke's five and a half years is national
team coach his contributions to to the
sport into USA Wrestling well certainly
Zeke made a significant contribution to
to the American freestyle effort he's
responsible for somewhat of a trajectory
change for for our program and really
brought us back to prominence I mean in
by all accounts our program is solidly
in the top three in the world right now
and and that's doing large part because
of Zeke's leadership in his passion in
his commitment to support athletes and
give athletes every possible chance they
can to be successful with Zeke returned
Arizona State with his strong connection
to freestyle USA wrestling how's that
boat for both the college level and also
for the future of the American
development in that style well that's a
net gain for wrestling obviously not
very many years ago the program at
Arizona State was was on the rocks so to
speak and and now they you know with
their renewed commitment to wrestling
hiring one of the best coaches in the
country and maybe in the world to lead
their program to probably fund a
regional training center in college
program to to a very high level that
that's good for American wrestling
that's good for USA wrestling obviously
it's great for college wrestling and I
suspect that we're going to have some
Olympic medalists come on Tempe so
freestyle program moving forward as he
talked about he felt it was heading in
a good direction your thoughts about how
this program will progress under new
leadership well there's no doubt our
program will continue to progress the
program is on incredibly solid footing
right now a lot of great up-and-coming
wrestlers and a lot of really incredible
veterans on our team it's going to be a
pretty good job for the next coach and
really confident that we're going to win
with this with our new coach and our
team is right there and so things are
exciting we're going to open up the the
search far and wide and really talk to a
lot of people about the opportunity
already heard from dozens of coaches
that have expressed interest so we're
excited about the next couple months
that's damn thanks rich